---
title: Cyber Clinic 1.0
collection: organiser
permalink: /organiser/2023-04-27_CC1_0
date: 2023-04-27
---

Event Report
-------------
<p>
We are pleased to present this report documenting the successful execution of the Cyber Clinic 1.0 at Anokha 2023 Techfair. The Cyber Clinic, based on the Cyber 
Readiness Interactive Simulation, aimed to educate and raise awareness about cybersecurity among participants and equip them with practical skills to navigate the 
evolving digital landscape. The event took place from the 27th to the 29th of April 2023 and witnessed an impressive turnout of participants from diverse backgrounds, 
including industry professionals, students, and technology enthusiasts. The Cyber Clinic 1.0 was a collaborative effort between Women in Cyber Security (WiCyS) Amrita 
Student Chapter and CybeReach, with the shared objective of fostering a cyber-ready culture and empowering individuals to protect themselves and their organizations 
from cyber threats. 

This report provides an overview of the Cyber Clinic, highlighting the key ideas, participant diversity and reach along with the outcomes achieved during the event.
- The Cyber Clinic 1.0 is an assessment based on Incident Response Simulation to understand the Cyber Readiness of the Participants who takes the examination which 
  will include various degrees of Awareness, Attack Scenarios, and Reaction Challenges to analyse their Cyber Quotient (CQ).  
- With the custom-created ART approach (Awareness, Recognize, Treatment) where each level requires an increasing level of awareness and knowledge to proceed to the next 
level thereby estimating their CQ. Based on the obtained CQ, the advisory panel will recommend General and Participant-Specific Cyber Readiness Guidelines and Tips. 
- Cyber Clinic 1.0 achieved its objectives of promoting Cyber Awareness and assessing the Cyber Readiness of participants. Through realistic simulations and expert 
guidance, participants had the opportunity to enhance their Cyber Resilience. The evaluation process provided valuable insights into their Cyber Capabilities. 

### Anokha 2023 - Tech Fair
  
Collaboration with Cyber Reach expanded the reach and diversity of inter related cyber domains hence, forging a stronger connection within the Cybersecurity community. 
The mentorship of Mr. Ramaguru Radhakrishnan, Assistant Professor, TIFAC-CORE, greatly contributed to the event's success, providing guidance and expertise. 
The event received positive media coverage and support from the Amrita Office of Communication (AOC), further raising awareness about Cyber Readiness and the 
importance of Cyber Awareness. The sponsorship by TIFAC-CORE in Cyber Security enabled the successful execution of the Cyber Clinic 1.0. 

The working team of 5 members including Mr. Ramaguru Radhakrishnan, Ms. Deepthi J, Ms. Roshni V, Mr. Yaswanth G, and Ms. Aishwarya G S and volunteers of 34 people 
including Ms. K Sai Suhitha Bala, Ms. Harshitha Ranjith, Ms. Adithya N S, Ms. Aishwarya S, Ms. Anaswara Suresh M K, Mr. Boddu Prem Kumar, Mr. Burla Rushyendra Reddy, 
Ms. C S Amritha, Ms. Chitla Vyshali, Ms. Chinni Nagasree Hansica, Mr. Deepak Kumar S, Ms. Dharshika S, Ms. G Hamsini, Mr. Hemadhri P C, Mr. Harshith Gangisetty, 
Mr. Kaushik M, Mr. Logesh R, Ms. Lalitha K, Mr. Mareddy Sai Tejas, Mr. Marri Sanju, Ms. N. Meera, Mr.  Navarang C D, Mr. Parthiv Kumar Nikku, Ms. R Sruthi, 
Mr. Ramraj S, Mr. Saride Someswara Sai Sri Chakri, Ms. Shree Harini T, Mr. Vajjula Satya Siddardha, Mr. Yallanuru Kishan Sai, Ms. S Parvathi, Ms. Amita Narayanan Kutty,
Ms. Rudra Sri Lakshmi, Mr. Tangella Sree Chandan and Mr. Annapragada Tapswin Radha Krishnan played a crucial role in organizing and facilitating the Cyber Clinic 1.0,
ensuring its smooth execution and a valuable experience for all participants. 

A total of 74 individuals were assessed at the Cyber Clinic 1.0, excluding the individuals who didn’t take the assessment but were actively interested in the goal of Cyber Clinic 1.0. Each participant underwent an assessment and their scores were evaluated. The below charts are based on the survey of participants diversity: 

#### Testimonials
  
“A very good afternoon. First of all, I’d like to congratulate all the entire team and all the best to all of you. I feel like you guys have a bright future in the upcoming years because this is going to be the future. Technology has advanced and scams have increased. For that, this is the best thing and stepping stone. I’d like to congratulate and thank you from my heart” 

“It was really innovative and interesting. Nowadays people require it, clearly. I think people   who have scored the minimum scores should be given solutions so that they can improve their scores” 

### C20 Technology, Security and Transparency Summit - Technology and Security for One World
 
Cyber Clinic 1.0 was featured in C20 Technology and Security Summit, one of the official engagement groups of G20 Summit. In the showcase of advancements, for the 
delegates from different countries, in the domain of Cyber Security. This part of the C20 Summit happened in Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore from 13th and 14th 
of May 2023. 

The Women in Cyber Security (WiCyS) Amrita Student Chapter team expresses its gratitude to all participants, sponsors, collaborators, volunteers, and the organizing 
committee for their support in making this event a resounding success. 
</p>

  

 

 
